Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
Christ, Ma.
Looks like we’re gonna have to
share some family history.
You said my dad was a soldier.
I know.
He was a member of the club?
Founding member.
John Teller?
TIG:
Salazar, man–
he’s kidnapped Jax’s old lady
and a woman she works with.
You serious?
What we need from you
is to be dead.
I’ll play dead 24 hours,
that’s it.
We’ve killed Alvarez.
It’s done.
I’m trying to save
Charming P.D., Wayne,
but after this, I may not
be able to sway city council.
This is from Stahl, isn’t it?
Do not get in bed
with this bitch.
JAX:
Kellan Ashby.
He’s a shot-caller, and he
wants me to kill Jimmy
to get him back.
Jimmy O dies,
so does our deal.
I need you to deliver him
to me alive.
McGee’s working for Jimmy?
Make sure Kellan gets this.
No matter what, he keeps
his promise about my kid.
Keith!
Just tell me why.
It was just about
the money, brother.
Sorry.
This information confirms
a suspicion we’ve had
about Jimmy for
quite some time.
He’s a traitor.
Be dealt with as such.
That’s not the deal.
I’m afraid it is, Jackson.
What are you talking about?
You said I would get support
to take out Jimmy.
This has to be
handled internally.
You tell me where my son is,
or I will kill him.
I’ll tell you.
Upper Springfield Road.
Private missionaries.
Adoption?!
Look at the violence in
the last three days alone.
Your father knew the patch
was a mistake, and so do you.
Is that the life
you want for your child?
If you love him,
give him more.
[phone line ringing]
STAHL (recording):
This is Agent Stahl’s
mobile phone.
Leave a message,
and I’ll return the call.
[beep]
Hey, I’ve been
trying you for hours.
You need to call me back.
Thanks.
Sure.
I don’t know what to say here.
Feel like an idiot.
[sighs]
Bottom line here–
I found out I have a sister.
Aye. A sister
you nearly shagged.
You say that like
it’s a bad thing.
[laughs]
[phone ringing]
I got to take this.
Go get my nephew, yeah?
Yeah.
The priest used us to prove
Jimmy ordered that explosion.
IRA put out the kill order.
Jimmy’s a marked man.
Then unmark him, all right?
I need him back here alive.
Yeah, first thing
I got to do is find my kid.
I understand, all right?
But if you want to get
Gemma off the hook
for the homicide and
reduced time for the club,
then you need to make
Jimmy a priority.
Do you understand
what I’m saying?
Jax.
I’m handling it.
[crying]
We’re going to be okay.
Thinking about
Dave and the kids.
They must be out of
their minds with worry.
Well, the police will know
we’re missing by now.
They’re gonna be
looking for us.
You seem to be
handling this well.
[cries]
We should try
to get some sleep.
- Eglee?
- Shit!
Sorry, Chief.
Didn’t know you were there.
Uh, you come in
to cover a shift?
No.
I was out at the Buffalo Bar.
I ran into Nikki
from the mayor’s office.
City council held
a crisis assembly tonight.
They voted the Sanwa Sheriff’s
take over the entire department.
Unanimous decision.
She said
they contacted everyone.
This happened tonight?
Yeah. Was coming
to check your e-mail,
see if they sent anything.
I didn’t get no damn e-mail.
What the hell does this mean?
I don’t know.
I’m not sure.
Oh, God.
I’ve got something
you boys might want to see.
McGee always emptied
his pockets on my dresser.
He left this.
It’s an address.
Might be one of Jimmy’s places,
or maybe Donny’s.
I don’t know, but
it might help you find him.
Thanks.
I’m sorry about your old man.
I know.
You should have this.
Thank you.
All right, nuns’ll
be there soon.
I’m gonna grab one of
the Irish, have him navigate.
I’m going with you.
Mom...
- I’m going with you!
- Mom, can you just...?
You’re gonna need
the truck to get the baby home.
CLAY:
Let her go.
Please...
don’t kill anybody.
Let’s go.
We’ll go run down
this address.
You take Bobby.
Me and Ope can handle the nuns.
You just get our boy.
We’ll worry about the Irish.
[man screaming in agony]
[man panting]
[Donny sighs]
That’s about an hour’s drive.
We’ve anyone left
we can trust down in Newry?
Probably.
We just don’t have enough time
to find out who they are.
You reach out to the Russians?
Aye.
I talked to Putlova.
They’re offering me
safe haven for a price.
Good.
We better go.
Yeah.
What about him?
Sean?
Wake up, lad.
Wake up!
I see you.
Oh, great.
Who do you think has
to clean that up?
You?
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this world ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Shit!
Sean Casey.
HAPPY:
Check it. Teeth.
They tortured him
before they killed him.
Shit.
It’s Fiona, Kerrianne.
They’ve tortured
this poor bastard
to find where Kellan’s
keeping them.
Call Juice.
Tell him to bring them
to the alley.
Shit.
Yeah, I know where
his office is.
You have uniforms drag me in
here at 4:00 in the morning?
Are you out of
your goddamn mind?
Guess I’m just
abusing the power,
while I still got it.
It was out of my hands.
It was a unanimous vote.
Means you didn’t
do shit to stop it.
You lied to me, sold out
my whole department.
Too much has happened.
There was nothing I could do.
Charming made
its own decision.
You, uh, heard
about Lumpy Feldstein?
Passed tonight.
Internal bleeding.
That’s awful.
I’m sorry to hear that.
Not so awful for you.
Now that strip
of Liberty Street
frees up for
your development deal.
The one you paved
the way for
during your tenure
on city council.
I have my hands in a lot
of local development
ventures, Chief.
That’s what I do.
Maybe you should focus
on what you do
and find Lumpy’s killer.
Not getting nowhere
on that Mayan lead.
But I know for a fact
that Lumpy was refusing
to sell his gym.
Seems whoever wanted
that space might have
more motive
to make him go away.
So you’re suggesting
that the suspects
are a group of civil servants
and businessmen?
And you wonder why
the vote was unanimous.
[baby cooing]
Straight on through.
Sister Miriam?
Father Ashby said
you’d be coming by.
Where’s my son?
Please, come in
and have a seat.
Where’s Abel?
He was given to
a family two days ago.
JAX:
What family?
Where is he now?
Look, I don’t have
that information.
Then who does?
An independent mediator
protects everyone’s anonymity.
Tell me where my son is!
- Sir.
- Back off!
I’m sorry.
If they took Abel two days ago,
Kellan knew he was gone.
That son of a bitch.
I’m gonna kill him.
[groans]
Wait a sec, guys.
- Mom?
- Hold on.
Just need a second.
Back up!
Oh, shit.
Over there!
You bring me that baby.
The kid!
What are you doing?
[crying]
Mom!
You know the story of King
Solomon, right, Sister?
Yes.
If I was that mother, I’d rather
have a half dead kid
than watch someone else
raise my flesh and blood.
You understand where
I’m going with this?
Now, you got to have done
some kind of research
on those scab parents.
So we both know that this
"anonymous" thing is bullshit.
Now, you are gonna tell us
where our grandson is,
or I swear to God,
I will cut this baby in half.
Get the file.
[baby crying]
Katey and Mark Petrie.
We do a four-day
transition period.
Parents stay local
to make sure it’s a good fit.
Where is he now?
The Europa Hotel.
Not a word to the priest
or the Petries,
or we tell the cops about
this little baby factory
you’ve got going,
you understand?
Don’t hurt them.
I just want my son back.
I’m with you, brother.
No, I should scope
this out myself.
Take this child.
Oh, love.
[Miriam cooing]
[classical music
plays over P.A.]
[elevator bell dings]
[baby crying]
Hey, excuse me?
Uh, can we get a taxi?
[motorcycle engine rumbling]
♪ No, this is not my guitar
I’m bringing it to a friend ♪
♪ No, I don’t sing ♪
♪ I’m only humming along ♪
♪ Up here in the air ♪
♪ I’m just mumbling
at the clouds ♪
♪ Wanting to be known ♪
♪ While I pass
the lonely hours ♪
♪ I came down from the room
I saw you in the rain ♪
♪ Laughing with some people ♪
♪ Hair dripping down your face ♪
♪ Your calm, hypnotic eyes ♪
♪ Your Scandinavian glow ♪
♪ I felt them like a flame
Candle in my cold bones ♪
♪ From the crowd I heard
You sing a pretty line ♪
♪ Was it there
so much longer ♪
♪ That I want to cry ♪
♪ I thought about it long ♪
♪ Had you repeat it
in my ear ♪
♪ I couldn’t place a thought
Without you being so close ♪
♪ I should have played it then
From the intro to the end ♪
♪ When they offered
me the stage ♪
♪ At the bar we landed in ♪
♪ But I turned and walked
Away from all the fun ♪
♪ And back into the black ♪
♪ Seaside night of Alesund ♪
♪ Alesund ♪
[indistinct conversations]
Agent Tyler?
Right.
What do you need?
St. Thomas Hospital reported
that its chief administrator
Margaret Murphy and
Dr. Tara Knowles are missing.
County Sheriff’s on the case.
Missing?
I didn’t know.
What has this got
to do with the ATF?
We’re back on the real
IRA-NorCal gun connection.
I know that
the Sons are in Belfast,
and I’m beginning to worry
that they may have pissed off
the wrong Irishmen.
You think the IRA took Tara?
Well, I don’t know,
but my bosses thought
that it would be a good idea
to talk to the club members
that are still here,
and I figured you’d be
the best way into that.
I’m not so sure about that.
All right, uh,
give me a minute to finish up.
What the hell is this?
The Sons are in Belfast?
I thought we were here
to follow up on Gemma.
What’s going on, June?
I know you’ve been
talking to Jax Teller.
I’m going to tell you
something that comes down
from two levels above me,
so you have to keep it
to yourself.
Of course.
I made a deal with Jax Teller
to deliver Jimmy O’Phelan.
Gets his club reduced time on
the federal gun charges.
What about Gemma’s statement?
She fled.
You think that anything she says
is going to hold weight, huh?
Come on, baby.
This is huge, okay?
It’s good for both of us.
You rise right along with me.
Don’t worry.
[door opens]
Am I, uh,
interrupting something?
No.
That give you
a little stiffie, Wayne?
[sighs]
Yeah, Emerson Park.
Yeah, I know where that is.
No.
No way.
We’re going to need more time.
I don’t give a shit
what you need.
Be there in an hour.
We killed Alvarez last night.
You got that
confirmation, right?
Yeah.
Well, who do you think
the cops are going
to come to first, man, okay?
They’re going to come here.
We got to be smart.
We got to deal with them and
make sure they don’t tail us.
Noon.
Garbage can between
the two big grill pits.
You don’t show, they’re dead.
Call this number
after the drop.
All right.
Bought us a few more hours.
Hey, Tig, I might
be able to help.
No, not now, Chuck.
Dude, you were right
about the cops.
Come on.
Tara Knowles is missing.
Nearly two days.
By your reactions,
I’m guessing you already
knew that.
Does Jax Teller know?
No, he doesn’t,
and we’re gonna
keep it that way.
Okay.
Well, we would like to help.
If you guys know anything...
Really?
None of you did shit
to find Abel.
You care about Tara now?
Tig...
we got no choice.
Hector Salazar, he’s the one
who took Tara and her boss.
Calaveras?
Why?
We made some new Mexi alliances,
didn’t fall in favor
with Salazar.
His ransom was us
killing Alvarez
and stealing 250K
from his home safe.
Which, of course,
we didn’t do.
We got Alvarez
to play dead for the day.
But you still need the cash.
Yeah.
Well, we can help
you with that.
All right.
Great.
You stay here, we’ll let
you know the next move.
Let’s go.
This has nothing to do
with the Irish;
it’s the goddamn Mexicans.
You know what, I need Jax
to focus on Jimmy O.
If saving Tara from some psycho
wetback protects that deal,
then that’s exactly what we do.
Unser.
Yeah.
Sorry about Lumpy.
Us, too.
Can you... pour me one?
Scotch.
Bottom shelf.
Yeah, you guys were
right about Lumpy.
It wasn’t the Mayans.
Found out Hale was involved
in a development deal
down on Liberty Street.
I knew it.
I did, I knew it.
I got no hard evidence,
but Hale is involved.
He knows something.
Well, so do we.
Salazar’s the one
who killed Lumpy.
You got proof of that?
It’s just street logic.
Lumpy said the guy who
attacked him was Mexican.
Claimed the beatdown was Mayan.
And what other Mexican is
carrying a grudge against
Alvarez and SAMCRO, huh?
We need Salazar alive.
He can prove Hale’s dirty.
Then we can bury
that lying son of a bitch.
What happened?
Where’s the baby?
Where’s Abel?
I need to talk to you alone.
Upstairs.
What’s going on?
You’re scaring me, Jackson.
I found Abel.
He’s there?
Well, we got to go get him.
I let him go, Mom.
What?!
What are you talking about?
Dad’s manuscript.
It wasn’t about
changing the club.
It was about
changing his legacy.
I don’t belong here, Mom.
And neither does Abel.
Where is my grandson?
He’s with a father...
who didn’t torture and
murder a man yesterday.
I don’t care...
if you’ve killed
a hundred men–
he is your son!
He’s gone.
And what are you gonna
tell your other son...
when he asks what happened
to his big brother?!
Tara’s pregnant.
How do you know that?
I knew it before
she even told me–
she’s two months along.
[knocking on door]
Sorry.
[door creaks open]
What happened?
What is it?
Clay called, said Fiona and
Kerrianne were in danger.
Told us to meet here.
What happened, son?
You’re the one
who twisted him up.
What the hell did
you say to him?
[motorcycles rumbling]
What’s going on?
Sean Casey’s dead.
They tortured him
for information.
Had to be for
Fiona’s location.
Daddy!
It’s not for Fi,
it’s for the baby.
Abel?
Why?
Jimmy needs a way
out of the country.
What?
He’s gonna use
your child for leverage.
The hotel.
Come on!
BOBBY:
Juice, Happy, Chibs, stay here,
keep an eye out for Jimmy.
You got it.
Go.
Holy shit.
Oh, shit.
Where is he?
Abel?
Nothing.
BOBBY:
We got to get out of here.
Now.
I did this.
Come on, brother.
You should all go.
Gemma.
Go ahead.
I got him.
Jimmy has your son.
He’s reached out
to the council.
He wants safe passage to the
States in exchange for the boy.
I’ve advised
they make the deal.
So what happens now?
Council considers it.
Probably wants
to meet with you.
Till then, we wait.
None of this shit
would have happened
if you told us where he was
when we first got here.
I’m trying to help
this family.
Help us?
Are you serious?
Hey, hey...
Are you serious?!
It’s not his fault.
It’s my mistake.
I’m done listening
to dead men.
But don’t pretend
you were trying to help us.
Greater good or not,
we were just a means
to your own end.
You don’t give a shit
about this family.
And the John Teller
you knew 20 years ago,
he didn’t give a shit either.
Hey, bitch.
Shit quick.
You got five minutes.
Did you see that?
Dude, grab it.
Hey!
Come on, go, go, go!
Come here!
Is that the pick up?
Is he the mule?
I don’t know.
Follow them.
Hold it!
Stop, stop!
Federal agents!
Kid’s shaking us.
He’s getting away.
Are you kidding me?
Where’d he go?
What happened to the kids?
That’s Salazar, man.
He just spotted us.
Shit!
[Tyler panting]
Salazar made us.
A late model red sedan
headed towards Commerce.
Oh, my God!
You’re all idiots.
All units converge
on Commerce entrance.
Suspect is in
a late model red sedan.
Pursue and intercept now.
God!
[cell phone rings]
Hector.
It was a setup.
There were cops waiting for me.
Little bitches!
[gasps]
[screaming]
[moaning and coughing]
Should I hold him?
No. Just let him go,
let him go.
Copy that.
We picked up the money
and the bicycle thief.
He wasn’t a mule.
Yeah, no shit.
That’s why I went after him.
And Salazar?
We were too late.
We lost him.
He’s going to kill
the girls now.
You know what?
You’re the one who
went off plan, asshole.
You ran us right into Salazar.
He was protecting the drop!
You know what?
We could have caught that kid
and still had time to put
the money back in that can.
This shit pile’s all yours.
You...!
Oh, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no...
Come on.
Did you call 911?
No, there’s no phone.
So let’s just get out of here.
[Margaret gasps]
Drop the gun.
No.
You drop it.
Luisa!
She’s bleeding out
in the bathroom.
Hector!
Oh, shit.
You need me to
keep her alive.
You do something.
Only if you let her go.
Tara...
Let her leave
and I’ll save Luisa.
[Luisa whimpering,
Salazar muttering]
Okay, first...
First we get Luisa in the car.
We’ll get her out of here.
Then she can go.
Oh, my God, baby.
Oh, babe...
If he reneges, shoot him.
Come on, help me!
[Luisa whimpering]
We’ll allow Jimmy
a safe passage out of Ireland
to secure the safety
of your son.
You and Kellan will make
the exchange at the docks.
There’s a boat waiting for
Jimmy, to take him to an
airfield in County Down.
CLAY:
Jimmy’s no idiot.
How does he know after
he hands over our kid
you ain’t gonna gun him down?
There are assurances in place.
We’ll need something in return.
What?
We know Jimmy’s reached out
to the Russians
in Northern California.
The ones we’ve been
muling your handguns to?
Aye.
There will be a short window of
time when Jimmy will be there.
You need to kill him before
he exiles someplace
where we can’t find him.
Comes with rewards.
We’re willing to significantly
expand your gun business.
Jimmy lost sight
of our goals,
but we need the income
he generated.
We are hoping the Sons might be
willing to trade on that need.
And what’s that end up
looking like?
Access to our full arsenal.
AR15s, MP5s, RPGs, everything.
Plus Jimmy’s rolodex.
All his contacts
in the western U.S.
Means pulling up more charters,
creating more alliances,
organizing.
You think the reaper
is up to that challenge?
Yeah.
I think we can help you out.
Dear Mo, I don’t know
what I’d do without you.
These letters are the only
thing keeping me sane.
I’m so lost here in Charming.
Nothing feels familiar.
The club, my family...
Everyone’s a stranger.
My grief and introspection
terrifies them,
drives Gemma mad,
and Clay’s pity has moved
into profound loathing.
I see my best friend
and my wife growing
closer and closer.
I have no jealousy, truly.
I feel nothing, not even fear.
And I know
I should be afraid.
Hands up.
Father?
[Abel fussing]
Hey.
[Abel fusses]
He’s a sweet lad.
I wanted the good priest
to return him right away.
He’s the one that kept him from
his da, forced this situation.
DONNY:
Let’s go, Father.
Wait a minute.
Where are you going?
Making the exchange.
The only way I get out of here
alive is with a hostage.
You agreed to this?
He’s gonna kill you.
Be well, my son.
Come on.
[engine starts]
I’ll never let anyone
take you from me again.
I love you.
What’s going on?
What the hell happened?
Tara got a shot
at the girlfriend,
cut her pretty bad.
She made a deal with Salazar
that she’d keep the girl alive
if he cut loose Margaret.
He’s still got Tara?
I’m afraid so.
He had them at
his aunt’s house.
Foreclosure.
We went through it top
to bottom– it’s empty.
Still have an APB
out on the car.
I’m sorry.
Mazel tov.
CLAY:
[all cheering]
Welcome home, kid.
Hey, Slainte Gaelach.
To Ireland.
[all toasting in Gaelic]
And to you.
All right, come on.
Let’s go load the truck.
Absolutely.
You hit that?
No. Didn’t feel right.
Feels just about right to me.
Mm-hmm.
Dude, you’re twice her age
and three times her weight.
- Yeah, so?
- So?
[Jax and Opie laugh]
Get out of here, dirty old men.
Your boy’s beautiful.
Thank you.
You doing okay, darlin’?
Yeah, I’m good...
"darlin’."
How’s your mom?
Hello?
I can’t wait to get home.
Hey.
Wondering where you went.
I was just checking
to make sure nobody left
anything behind.
Thanks.
[grunts]
See you out there.
[sighs]
I’m sorry.
She’s gone.
[Salazar yells, Tara screams]
[door opens]
[phone rings]
If that’s Oswald’s guy, tell him
we’ll be in Manchester by dawn.
Hello?
Gemma.
Thank you.
Take care of him.
You know it.
To a safe home, eh?
Yeah.
All right.
It’s not Oswald’s guy.
Jax?
It’s Tig.
What?
You’re gonna want
to hear this.
Yeah?